my name is Miles Morales and in my world
I'm the one and only spider-man that is
until he showed up and it snow on the
Cape I think it's cool spider-man
doesn't wear a cape hey guys who are you
I'm Gwen Stacy I'm from another another
dimension
how many more Spidey people are there
hey tell us
this could literally not get any weirder
it can get weirder my name is Peter
Parker I supposed to save the whole
world
you can't think about saving the world
you have to think about saving one
person smiles where did you go
spider-man turn invisible not in my
universe this is incredible some kind of
fight-or-flight thing what's that I
think this is a cape
[Music]